# assignment-3-justinsardano
assignment-3-justinsardano created by GitHub Classroom
assignment 3.1 link https://editor.p5js.org/justin.sardano/sketches/XHOWUdxy4 For this assignment, all I had to do was copy the code of a previous sprite I had made and paste it into this new project. I then scaled and translated it so it fit in the bottom of the canvas, and added basic background for a soccer field type scenary.
assignment 3.2 link https://editor.p5js.org/justin.sardano/sketches/XHOWUdxy4 Next, I added a condition where the shirt of the sprite would change color. I did this by using an if statement, and at the time I used mouseIsPressed to execute the command, however in my future work for this assignment I changed this, as I was confused on what we were supposed to do with the reaction until I later realized it was for the interaction.
assingment 3.3 link https://editor.p5js.org/justin.sardano/sketches/XHOWUdxy4 For this next step, I added a movement to the ball. I did this by adding variables and making it plus and equal to other variables, making the ball move.
assignment 3.4 link https://editor.p5js.org/justin.sardano/sketches/54OTH-Vdb For the next step, made it so the ball would only move if the mouse was pressed. I did this by adding a mousePressed function, and other variables using true and false that would stop the ball from moving, and then start it moving once the mouse was pressed, before returning to a stationary position where it started once it passed the canvas. 
assignment 3.5 link https://editor.p5js.org/justin.sardano/sketches/EWELGDKLA Lastly, I made it so the ball and the sprite would interact when it hit a certain part of the sprite. This part was very complicated for me and took me a long time, but in the end I was able to come up with something that was fairly accurate. The reason it was so difficult was because I scaled the sprite, which made it difficult to find the correct coordinates. In the end, however, I was able to make the ball collide with the sprite's head, and when it collided the eyes of the avatar would shut, which is a different reaction from what I did in assignment 3.2.  
